readme.md, before:

# What

The best de-obfuscated version of Yusuke Endoh's "Most complex ASCII fluid" obfuscated C code competition 2012 entry.
The original source is here: http://www.ioccc.org/2012/endoh1/hint.html . There are a couple of other de-obfuscated versions online, but they only basically de-macro and break down some constructs.

This one goes the full way (pointer arithmetic no more!) and provides extended commentary on the tecnique used to calculate and render the fluid simulation.

# How to run
```gcc asciiFluidSimulation.c -o asciiFluidSimulation```
then run it with one of the provied example .txt files (most of them from Yusuke Endoh) like so:
```./asciiFluidSimulation < ./examples/terraces.txt```

# Examples

Column:
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/davidedc/Ascii-fluid-simulation-deobfuscated/master/readme-images/column.gif">
</p>

Terraces:
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/davidedc/Ascii-fluid-simulation-deobfuscated/master/readme-images/terraces.gif">
</p>

Pour-out:
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/davidedc/Ascii-fluid-simulation-deobfuscated/master/readme-images/pour-out.gif">
</p>

Clock:
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/davidedc/Ascii-fluid-simulation-deobfuscated/master/readme-images/clock.gif">
</p>

Commit message:

updated readme with mentions to the version without complex numbers

readme.md, after:

# What

The best de-obfuscated versions of Yusuke Endoh's "Most complex ASCII fluid" obfuscated C code competition 2012 entry.
The original source is here: http://www.ioccc.org/2012/endoh1/hint.html . There are a couple of other de-obfuscated versions online, but they only basically de-macro and break down some constructs.

These ones go the full way. There are two versions:
1. version preserving complex numbers. Removes all pointer arithmetics and provides extended commentary on the tecnique used to calculate and render the fluid simulation.
2. same as 1 but also removes all use of complex numbers, just uses standard doubles instead (using complex numbers for vectors is clever and compact but convoluted.)

# How to run
```gcc asciiFluidSimulation.c -o asciiFluidSimulation```
then run it with one of the provied example .txt files (most of them from Yusuke Endoh) like so:
```./asciiFluidSimulation < ./examples/terraces.txt```

# Examples

Column:
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/davidedc/Ascii-fluid-simulation-deobfuscated/master/readme-images/column.gif">
</p>

Terraces:
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/davidedc/Ascii-fluid-simulation-deobfuscated/master/readme-images/terraces.gif">
</p>

Pour-out:
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/davidedc/Ascii-fluid-simulation-deobfuscated/master/readme-images/pour-out.gif">
</p>

Clock:
<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/davidedc/Ascii-fluid-simulation-deobfuscated/master/readme-images/clock.gif">
</p>
